### Sudoku

Simple implementation of a sudoku game made of a single screen displaying a editable sudoku board. The board is generated randomly. A new
 board can be generated by clicking new game.
 
#### Architecture
Used a Clean architecture approach with MVVM. I didn't use modules in the interests of time, but the package structure could be extracted
 into a modular structure quite simply.  
 
View -> ViewModels -> Domain (entities, platform interfaces, usecases) -> Repositories -> Services

*Sudoku generation*  
Used some old java code from here https://github.com/a11n/sudoku

*Libraries*  
Dagger, Navigation, Flexbox

*Dagger setup*  
Uses both an application scope and an activity scope. The activity scope allows some funky things like the announcer in the view model
 (wouldn't be possible with androidx ViewModel due to differing lifecycles)

*Kotlin multiplatform*  
With a little bit of editing (e.g. resource provider) everything from (ViewModels -> Repositories) could be shared. 


#### Features to add
**Entry validation** Immediatley fail game if a wrong number is entered  
**Highlight selected cell on board** also unhighlight if another cell is clicked  
**Add dividers between 3x3 cell blocks**  
**Improve design** use some outlined button backgrounds (unfilled) and add curved corners to the sudoku board.  
**Testing** would use mockk/kluent. The project is already set up with DI and a test replacable dispatcher provider (so no funky coroutine
 magic in tests) - so relitively simple to do from here.   
**Save board between sessions** stick it in a database, need to research best way to do this for 2d array  
**Adaptive difficulty** Store a value of square blank at the start. If fail a board, put difficulty down. If succeed a board put difficulty
 up.  
**Erase current board** Add a button to restart the current board  
**Add ability to use notes** probably would use some sort of bottom sheet  



